Priya Narayanan received her PhD degree in Biomedical Engineering for her work in the development of a cerebellar atlas (CAPCA18). She was instrumental in carrying out collaborative study with MGH Biomedical center and UCT. 
She won a Marie curie research fellowship and moved to the UK to work in PathXL, Belfast. As a research scientist at PathXL, UK she has been an active part of generating a patent specifically addressing the challenges in processing of whole slide images. With this experience, Priya then joined Institute of Cancer Research and contributed to the research studies specifically addressing breast cancer and disseminated research contributions in nature journals and conferences. Priya worked in UCL computer science department contributing to both research and teaching deep representation learning courses. She is actively collaborating to further understand the cause of recurrence in breast cancer and other cancer types such as lung and prostate, and further interested in predicting evolutionary trajectories of tumour from early to late stage of tumour evolution cycle.
Within IPU, Priya works as an Analytical Scientist in Digital Pathology and Tissue-based Artificial Intelligence and aims to explore the spatial relationship and study the biological implication in clinical studies. From multimodal images such as immunohistochemistry and multiplex immunofluorescence images, she aims to bridge the gap in translation of machine learning/artificial intelligence tools to be agnostic and robust to achieve translational relevance and focussed on prediction of clinical outcomes.
